Hi everyone, welcome to 01net tv
what are you waiting for a robot to do
the housekeeping that keeps you company
that binds to work for you
we were talking about all this this week at
lyon françois yes actually and then
yesterday in our 0 alive weekly between 18h
at 18:30 on 01net tv the debriefing of
the high tech news and we were getting
about it amelia charney who went to
lyon and who discovered all these robots
who may arrive at home in
a few years
what have you discovered this year had
our robots share exciting things
first the French exoskeleton which
is called hercules
he will soon be marketed the art
when I say that you have tried
we want it I tried them so here
it will be there you seem to be a little
bothered a fortnight then so a
exoskeleton is a robotic armor
so that's so
it's a corner and well it's mostly for
carry heavy loads so you can
wear up to 40 kg without feeling them
in fact
and what's even more awesome
is that the frame itself it
Weighs 32 kg and feels like it
weighs 1 to 2 kg in fact so that's true
it's blue for multiple forces
human
that's exactly and so in fact at
departure it's a project that has been
financed by the French army for
to actually relieve the loads of the soldiers
but it already exists
i believe then in the united states no it's
still prototypes
Americans need a lot of ads there
on it but there is no weapon is still
in the world that use that remains of
prototypes but the one the French is
already well advanced and then he is missing
just the arms in fact
articulated on the civilian prototype there
we see and unfortunately I have not
I did not have permission to
myself lift loads on the
salon for security reasons they
did not want
I was afraid that you broke head I
do not know you see there's a
strong expectation must read all the stands
yamani coming with his big muscles
that said we represent but still a
time it can be it can have a
really impressive utility too
for disabled people
I imagine because we may eventually
that m these robots could walk to the
place of someone who no longer has the used
of his legs that already exists in fact
everything that is exoskeleton for
disabled it already makes work
Paraplegic
it's already commercialized it's already
something that is well on the way
however, it still costs
tens of thousands of euros
that it's not accessible to everyone
but then it's just legs for
the us while these prototypes there they
are also dedicated to
actually wrapped the whole body and so
to have also articulated arms then
that exoskeletons for the disabled do not
allow that market not to lift
loads very well then beyond
did you also meet romeo
what a nice name alain condis evening there
had no juliet but we can
consider chromium is also the
cell if yes it's the first time
that they were unveiled it's the big
little brother has ok now yes a
French humanoid who has a success
huge in the whole world then
Unfortunately when I passed
iboguhé a little so I could not see it
in all its splendor but it's
rather the project itself which is
very interesting because so that's
a French company aldebaran which the
develops it's a service robot so
I do not know if you saw the series
human was broadcast by arte so we
see that there are seniors
in this series that uses robots
and each family has a completely
human appearance which is actually a
domestic koala and romeo that's all to
do that so they consider for example
that there is a learning phase that
get used to people who who who
get used to their action throughout
of the day and for example when you
will you sit in front of the TV he
understand that you have to bring your
glasses
so
but it's mostly for people
elderly to keep them at home
as long as possible in good health
but it could cost how much
already really moved that a prototype
which is not intended to be marketed
behind all that there is still something
ultimate is for the CEOs of aldébaran
it may be that the robot will replace
the smartphone the remote control and
the computer that it will be the last
interface in fact my body is going to him
talk and he will answer us and and
become a bit the ultimate interface
and then quickly bim who and bim then
bim it's a telepresence robot then
it is already operational already
marketed the hadopi the week
last in France and then it's enough
surreal in the corridors of innorobo
we saw lots of people who were at
abroad Germany or the United States
who was actually visiting all the time
distance from their computer this robot
and here is the robot that could we
to be in the office without being
exactly that's it then so one a
fisheye camera there are microphones and so
we can interact remotely with
people who are on the spot that's when
even I tell you that like that a little
your office colleagues riding on
casters like that but in fact if you
do not want us to see you
pass between very robust tests
so for those who would like them
pity and is besides there is a
operation right now is a test in
the rhône alpes region for robots
high school students that is to say to allow
students who are sick and they
stay at home to attend classes at
distance and this kind of post thanked
by the same box
that's awesome